MIJSSDK v4.17.1 CHANGELOG.md updated (#768)
MapsPeople/docs: src/changelogs/web/CHANGELOG.md

Changelog for MapsIndoors SDK for JavaScript. This document structure is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and the project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [4.17.1] 2021-01-13

### Fixed

- In some cases, the MapsPeople logo would not be visible.
- All icons are now added to MapBox, to prevent the "Image ... could not be loaded." warning in the console.

> - strokeFill, -Color, and -Weight is now correctly applied when using `setBuildingOutlineOptions()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `strokeFill`, `strokeColor`, and `strokeWeight` is now correctly applied when using `setBuildingOutlineOptions()`.
```

It's better to write them out completely so you can search for them properly
